NetQuest OMX Pack + Integration (#37319)
demisto/content: Packs/NetQuestOMX/Integrations/NetQuestOMX/NetQuestOMX_description.md

## NetQuest OMX module integration

NetQuest’s products are high-capacity service nodes that help security teams access and analyze network traffic. Powerful packet & flow processing features assist security tools in detecting and mitigating security threats as cost effectively as possible.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.7.5a of NetQuestOMX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.7.5a of NetQuest OMX.
```

## Configuration Parameters

 - ***Name*** - Integration instance name
 - ***Server URL*** - The IP of the 5G device which using NetQuestOMX , formatted as https://X.X.X.X

>  - ***Username*** - Username & Password (The credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ***Username*** - Username and password (the credentials).
```

 - ***slot number*** - Target NetQuest device slot number.
 - ***Port number*** - Target NetQuest device port number
 - ***Fetch Events*** - If fetching is needed, check the box.

>  - ***Statistic types to fetch*** - Four types are available, it's a multiselect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ***Statistic types to fetch*** - Metering Stats, Export Stats, Export Peaks FPS, Optimization Stats. You can select multiple types.
```
